yeah Andre don't seek is not yeah and
the first round good be sick watching
Jean is what happened Jan Kaas goodbye
Dawson because he had one bit all right
I never seen these guys why was it built
me Dawson gotta guys knock I rode my
Joey on bro mighty joe young man I can't
even talk about this fight cuz I said
that back i even i stepped out the room
for one minute right you see how fast
the strike was daddy be kidding just
clocked him he's blotto commissioning
spike occupies about it he's like i
still can fight he wouldn't put oh yeah
are you good hear you say that I cook
yeah
the whole system here you know he was
too wobbly yeah the referee shirt you
here hello were you I but I went back
understood he's usually he said I'm sure
waiting for replay with the Fox gonna go
see you enjoy he's dead I'm insane time
I was in the sky later I'm believing
shit boom when he went up threw it watch
it watch their hands damn damn boom I'll
tell you that mr. Chi Chi alrighty feel
younger I stepped outside for ball yeah
works when he gets up you didn't know
whether fucking with that lecture slices
I was in a clean shadow what Luna ever
look he's our he's alright okay alright
so he need the rope Dineen are screwed
up because Rosita stuff go free fuck you
ready look I'm going crazy man you get
through this plus he's a sailor cause
that is fucked up